# Decentralized-Beauty
Tapping into our innate, primordial beauty, outside of socio-cultural norms and cultural conditioning

Decentralized Beauty, or DeByou for short, feels like my life’s work.

For over a decade, I have been exploring the possibilities of experiencing Beauty as a practice, rather than just as a thing or an object outside myself entirely defined by sociocultural norms. Decentralized Beauty is my attempt at opening up a space where we can rediscover the primordial Beauty we all naturally embodied before our understanding of Beauty was covered up and shaped by the ageist, sexist, racist conditioning and body shaming propaganda of the dominant western cultural paradigm. This space is imaginal and also literal, as I very much want Decentralized Beauty to occupy real estate on the blockchain!

In the absence of access to models during the pandemic, I took some 12,000 nude self-portraits and began a deep exploration of my own innate, primordial Beauty, while also re-engaging with my own eroticism. I turned 50 in 2020 and felt an urgency to celebrate my body, mind and spirit from the perspective of the multifaceted vibrational being that I have come to know myself to be. I questioned the assumptions of my culture about my aging body and listened deeply to my inner hippie, hacker and hermetic. In the deep cavernous areas of my mind, I discovered my own expression of fetish, outside the well mapped terrain of the default world of fashion, celebrities and advertising. I became more embodied and learned to dance with my sexual energy and trust my own desire.

I have published some of my images on tumblr, although censorship rules have meant that the most authentic expressions of my current work remain unpublished. A book of my self-portraits and writing is to be published in the fall of 2021, at which time editions of physical prints will be available. Philosophically, I feel like this digital work really belongs on the blockchain and I am eager to mint NFTs in the form of digital images as well as short video clips and loops. 
DeByou is an ongoing project for me. I am currently engaged in the editing phase of my sizable digital portfolio. I am very eager to start photographing other humans, as was my initial intention for the project. In this second phase, I wish to capture myriad unique expressions of Beauty, eroticism, fetish and kink across all genders, ethnicities, shapes and adult stages of life and to celebrate them as Beauty itself demands: with awe and reverence! 
